# Computer Network HOMEWORK 1

> **Due Date:** Oct 23, 2023  
> **Dept:** ATM  
> **Author:** 林群賀 (Hugo ChunHo Lin)  
> **Student ID:** 109601003  

1. Ans:
    - a. F
    - b. T
    - c. F
    - d. F
    - e. F
2. Ans:
    - Application Layer
    - Transport Layer
    - Network Layer
    - Link Layer
    - Physical Layer
3. Ans:
    - $(2500*10^3)/(2.5*10^8)=0.01s = 10ms$ 
    - $d/s$
    - No
    - No
4. Ans:
    - a. 500kpbs.
    - b. (4*10^6)*8/(500*10^3)= 64 seconds
    - c. 100kbps, 4*10^6*8/100*10^3= 320 seconds
5. Ans:
	- a.  The time to transmit an object of size L over a link or rate R is L/R. The average time is the average size of the object divided by R:∆ = (850, 000bits)/(15, 000, 000bits/sec) = .0567sec. The traffic intensity on the link is given by β∆ = (16requests/sec)(.0567sec/request) = 0.907. Thus, the average access delay is (.0567sec)/(1 − .907).6seconds. The total average response time is therefore .6sec + 3sec = 3.6sec.
	- b. The traffic intensity on the access link is reduced by 60% since the 60% of the requests are satisfied within the institutional network. Thus the average access delay is (.0567sec)/[1(.4)(.907)] = .089seconds. The  esponse time is approximately zero if the request is satisfied by the cache (which happens with probability .6); the average response time is .089sec + 3sec = 3.089sec for cache misses (which happens 40% of the time). So the  verage response time is (.6)(0sec) + (.4)(3.089sec) = 1.24seconds.
6. Ans:
    - UDP send all traffic into the same socket. TCP has a welcoming socket and then creates a new socket with each connection so TCP has n + 1 sockets.
7. Ans:
	- The queuing delay is O for the first transmitted packet, $L/R$ for the second transmitted packet, and generally, $(n-1)L/R$ for the $n^{th}$ transmitted packet. Thus, the average delay for the $N$ packets is: 
  	
	$$(L/R + 2L/R + ...... + (N-1)L/R/N$$
	$$= L/(RN) * (1 + 2 + ... + (N-1))	$$
	$$= L/(RN) * N(N-1)/2	$$
	$$= LN(N-1)/(2RN)	$$
	$$= (N-1)L/(2R)$$

	Note that here we used the well-known fact:
	$$1+2+ ....... + N = N(N+1) / 2$$
8. Ans:
    - HTTP: 80
    - FTP: 20, 21
    - DNS: 53
    - SMTP: 25
9.  Ans:
    - a. The transmission delay is $L/R$. The total delay is $\frac{IL}{R(1 - I)} + \frac{L}{R} = \frac{L / R}{1 - I}$
    - b. Let $x = L/R$. Total Delay = $\frac{x}{1 - ax}$ For $x = 0$, the total delay increases, approaching infinity as $x$ approaches $1/a$.
10. Ans:
    - $Total \ delay = \frac{\frac{L}{R}}{1 - I} = \frac{L - R}{1 - \frac{aL}{R}} = \frac{\frac{1}{\mu}}{1 - a/{\mu}} = \frac{1}{\mu - a}$


## CONTACT INFO.

> AWS Educate Cloud Ambassador, Technical Support </br>
> **Hugo ChunHo Lin**
> 
> <aside>
>   📩 <a href="mailto:hugo970217@gmail.com">hugo970217@gmail.com</a>
> </aside>

